
1. Always declare a file name of flutter in small letter with underscore between two word.

2. call setState(), while pressing the buttom.

3. rendering 

3. if file is not getting uploaded.
   press ctrl+shift+F, and change "compileSdkVersion 33".

4. why we need provider?
ans. Better performance.
	easy to handle the data
	update UI in real time.
    Provider is a way to pass data between different node of widget tree
    OR 
    Provider is used to update the value
    
  
5. Setstate actually, rebuid krta hai Particular widget,jis widget m call hua h. so, it reduce the optmization

6. To Resolving "Error: XMLHttpRequest error." in frontend terminal:-
   type below code in each Future API:-
    "headers: <String, String>{
	  'Content-Type': 'application/json; charset=UTF-8',
	},"
	
	Also,
	type below code in each API function at the top in backend:-
	"w.Header().Set("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", r.Header.Get("Origin"))
   	 log.Println(r.Header.Get("Origin"))
    	 w.Header().Set("Access-Control-Allow-Methods", "POST, GET, OPTIONS, PUT, DELETE")
   	 w.Header().Set("Access-Control-Allow-Headers", "*")"

7. Note: we can use MaterialApp , only one time in whole code/application. 
          whereas, Scaffold is also use once in single widget. once we use scaffold in particular widget, we cant use two times in single widget. 
          but we can use scaffold in different widget.whereas, materialapp cant.

8. learn futurebuilder, streambuilder

9. Reverse the port while connecting backend , to run emulator in your android phone:
	"sudo apt install adb"
	"adb reverse tcp:8080 tcp:8080"
9. static const String _title = 'Flutter Code Sample';  //in stateless means	
	it means,
	by using staic keyword , bina instance/object create kiye kissi class k variable ya function ko access kr skte h
	
10. Padding actually shrinks anything inside. and provide empty space around 
 				OR
    padding actually shrinks horixontally and vertically by some value of text/media.
 
11. to send flutter code to other device . we do "flutter clean" in flutter terminal. it will clean all unrequired file from respespective Project 		 folder and reduced the size of the project folder ,it helps in easy transfer of folder. 
	Now, while downloading this folder to another device . we do run "flutter pub get" in flutter terminal to get back the required folder.
	
12. FutureBuilder  

13. Asynchronous function is a function that returns Future and the body of the function is executed later. 

14. whereas, asynchhronous return a future.Generally we will need to work with a future value in following cases:
	getting data from a server
	querying data from a database
	reading a file
	
15.Always use await in future variable of future function .


